hey you guys it's Audrey and today I'm
gonna be open up for more minecraft
series - blonde boxes oh yeah the little
mini figures are so cute um just in case
you guys haven't seen the previous video
I did on these I'll tell you which ones
are in this line definitely go check
that out after you're done watching this
to see what I got on that one um but in
this one there is twelve figures you can
get this is also in the stone series by
the way um you can get Steve with iron I
wear electrified creeper zombie also a
zombie pigman wither chicken bats and
then here's the four that are only
available in here Steve with TNT Teen
Wolf saddle pick and undead horse so
this time I am hoping for let's see
electrified creeper wither Ocelot and D
with tan T those four even though
pinkies are so yeah those are the ones
I'm hoping are in these poor blind boxes
so let's get straight into it
I really don't care which ones I get cuz
they're all so adorable and so awesome
and minecraft is awesome and so yeah I
played Minecraft on my gaming channel by
the way just let you guys know if you
have if you didn't know that already I
do have a link to it always in the
description and in our new outro so yeah
wooh gaming channel alright so first one
I got the winner
wait is this door there yeah yes I
wanted this one so bad oh my gosh it's
so cute that was really scary in the
game I personally think it's like scary
but this is so adorable
it seems like it's heads are coming out
of his main head
it was just funny but sound like a
little like clear platform cute oh my
gosh I'm so happy that was one of the
four that I wanted to get which is
awesome now I need to get the
electrified creeper Ocelot and see with
TNT oh is it so adorable I love this
this is like awesome
and adorable uh door awesome a door
awesome derp derp a dog door awesome the
door awesome adore awesome doors awesome
pretty much is what that sounds like
gonna alright next one yeah I always
loved how awesome little fingers are
they have actually people detail for how
small they are the electrified creeper
oh my gosh I was so excited to get this
one because I was one I was wondering
what this looks like now this is cool
it's pretty much the original creeper
figure that was in the first line except
highs like the blue trans loop has like
blue translucent stuff around it this is
awesome
this is really cool I've always wondered
what an electrified creeper looks like
in the game I know what it looks like
what I've never seen one before like in
game um so I'm hoping I can find one
sometime so cool oh my gosh I got two to
four that I wanted and these are
probably the ones I wanted the most - oh
my gosh there are so many cool figures
in this line oh my gosh alright third
one so far I don't really care which
last two I get cuz we have gotten it's
like the two best figures in this line
except for the undead whores it looks
awesome
all right what I think is scary about
withers is that they go after any living
thing I know that because I kind of
spawn some in right one time and it kind
of went after every living thing ever
okay this two thing is bad about this
next thing one it's a double and two
we've got another wither but it's
they're like cute and so I can give this
one to Otto and I know he likes the
wither but yeah so pretty much we got
another with her Alex just want to like
the best figures out of this line that's
like the best part about this all right
so we have so far we have two withers
and an electrified creeper I'm hoping
the last one there's gonna be either the
Ocelot or Steve with TNT but it's not
Old English all sweet cool all right
and okay boom oh you know that was a
zombie huh huh I totally forgot about
the zombie I'm like wait that's like the
cutest arms I've ever seen look at how
tiny and thin those are oh my gosh this
is mombi's adorable I'm like
I completely forgot that there was a
zombie in this line like even though I
mentioned it
I forgot I thought a zombie was in the
last time but there was it was a zombie
villager oh my gosh these are adorable
oh my gosh I love the Minecraft eight
years
they're so cute anyway yeah I'll be
giving this one to Otto he's also gonna
be opening up like eight of the
Minecraft figures that are left and so
definitely go check out his channel
which I will have a link to in the
description and in our
ciao yeah he'll be opening up the last
eight on his channel and yeah and then I
also play Minecraft on my gaming channel
if you want to see some of that gameplay
anyway yeah I love this new series it's
so awesome
yay for series - okay anyway I think
this is it thank you all so much for
watching and good bye